The answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe, and everything is 42.
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
So long, and thanks for all the fish.
Always remember: Don't Panic.
Life, the Universe, and Everything.
42 is the answer, but what is the question?
Space is big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is.
Don't Panic. It's the first helpful or intelligible thing anybody's said to me all day.
Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the western spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun.
The knack of flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
Arthur hoped and prayed that there wasn't an afterlife. Then he realized there was a contradiction involved here and merely hoped that there wasn't an afterlife.
42.
Always know where your towel is.
We found the entry about the planet called Earth (Sector: Plural ZZ alpha) in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Version 1: Harmless.
After many years of research by our rolling reporters we revised the information about the planet called Earth (Sector: Plural ZZ alpha): Revision from `Harmless` to `Mostly harmless.`
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.
In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't.
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President of the Galaxy should on no account be allowed to do the job.
For a moment, nothing happened. Then, after a second or so, nothing continued to happen.
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.
The chances of finding out what’s really going on are so remote, the only thing to do is say hang the sense of it and keep yourself occupied.
If there's anything more important than my ego around, I want it caught and shot now. (Zaphod Beeblebrox)
To summarize: it is a well-known fact that those people who must want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it.
Nothing travels faster than the speed of light with the possible exception of bad news, which obeys its own special laws.
The Guide is definitive. Reality is frequently inaccurate.
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable.
There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!
Curiously enough, the only thing that went through the mind of the bowl of petunias as it fell was 'Oh no, not again.'
Don't believe anything you read on the net. Except this. Well, including this, I suppose.
Would it save you a lot of time if I just gave up and went mad now?
Marvin: Here I am, brain the size of a planet, and they ask me to take you down to the bridge. Call that job satisfaction? 'Cos I don't.
Marvin: I've been talking to the main computer. It hates me.
Marvin: I think you ought to know I'm feeling very depressed.
Marvin: Life? Don't talk to me about life.
Marvin: I have a million ideas, but they all point to certain death.
Marvin: The first ten million years were the worst. And the second ten million, they were the worst too. The third ten million I didn't enjoy at all. After that I went into a bit of a decline.
Marvin: I have calculated your chance of survival, but I don't think you'll like it.
